God of War No Play
Xuanying God of War will definitely not be wrong
This sunning
How could it be the supreme dragon girl?
Little Junior Sister, do you still have an impression of the Dragon Temple?
Enough Hyun Ying
You said that this woman is the Dragon Lady of Rongshen Temple
Don't be kidding.
Although I have only been in the Dragon Temple for two years
I have never seen the dragon girl
But I also know that the dragon girl's strength is unparalleled
And this woman doesn't even have any true energy on her
How could it be the dragon girl?
Excalibur has spirit
Automatic Protector
Didn't you see all this?
And Murong Xuance, you insulted the dragon girl
Don't kneel down and admit your mistake
Hyun Ying
Is this woman a dragon girl?
It's not you who has the final say
What do you mean?
I can help Xuance God of War prove it
This woman stayed at Song Yi's house for five years
It's usually a stall
It can't be a dragon girl at all
Ah, how dare he hit me?
You want to avenge me
The cliff is so brave
Dare to touch my sister in front of me
He insulted Long Yu
Death penalty in itself
I saved his life.
Listen, Long Yu's anger is already giving you face
Please also ask the dragon girl to draw her sword quickly
Restore your strength
Murong Yan is first-class
You can do whatever you want with it
Enough Hyun Ying
Hurt my sister
Let people pretend to be dragon girls
I can't keep you today
Murong Xuance Dragon Girl in person, what do you want?
So beautiful
How come?